What are the must see attractions in Northern region of Madagascar?
Can anyone recommend any good restaurants in Tana?
Can someone please let me know what is the cell phone reception and WIFI are like in Tsarabanjina lodge after the upgrade?
What would you suggest for a 3-4 day itinerary to explore culture, hiking, wildlife in Madagascar?
Can you please help me with current costs for food ?
What discount could we hope for approximately if we waited for purchase domestic air tickets at Madagascar?
How much it will cost to go from Tana airport to Ampijoroa?
Can anybody recommend camping sites (where you can bring your own tent) in Madagascar, on the beaches and in forests/parks?
Do I need to book in advance or can I just show up in the morning and there will be enough guides for everyone to visit National parks?
What are the things we can do for our short holiday stay in Mauritius island?
From where can I rent a car in Mauritius?
What is the best hotel for honeymoon from St Regis, Lux Belle Mare, Lux Grand Gaube, Sofitel and Westin hotels?
What are the best places for kitesurfing during December January season?
Can anyone suggest adults only resort which has lovely beaches in Mauritius?
What are the must do activities in Mauritius as a traveller?
Can you suggest a place to have eating out at the evening in Flic-en-Flac area?
From where can I buy tobacco and rolling papers in Mauritius?
Is it good to use Rupees over GBP in Mauritius?
Is it possible to visit rum distillery company during our stay at Mauritius?
How much money I should bring for a 10 days stay at Mauritius for 2 people?
From where can I buy native gifts from Flic-en-Flac area?
Can I find a place to rent GoPro cameras of the east side of the Mauritius island?
What are the best hotels around snorkeling and surfing areas in Mauritius?
How should i carry money to Mauritius so that i could save more on exchange rate?
Is Credit/Debit cards accepted without any extra charges or minimum charges?
Should i take Travel card or Multi currency card?
How much it will cost for helicopter trip around Mauritius?
Which is the Best island or beach in Mauritius for parasailing?
What is the cleanest white sand beach with awesome aerial view in Mauritius?
Which is the Best island or beach in Mauritius for underwater sea walk?
How much does a taxi cost from the airport to Lux Le Morne?
How can I find none overpriced family rooms in Mauritius?
What is meant by Shared bathroom in Guest house in Mauritius?
Does anyone have the e-mail address for the Ambre resort & spa Mauritius?
What are the budget resorts with friendly/helping staff, good food, and a peaceful private beach which are suitable for Honeymoon?
I would like to know the approximate price of a beer or gin and tonic in and outside the hotels in Mauritius.
What do the authorities accept as proof of funds for on arrival visa?
What are the best tourist excursions when it's raining?
What is the ideal time to visit Mauritius in the year as we are planning to get married in there and spend our honeymoon?
Can anyone let me know how much per person it is to go on the speed boat trip with McCloud?
Can anyone let me know how much it is to hire a Taxi for 4 people in Mauritius ?
Can I use debit card at the airport to buy currency as I don't fancy hauling lots of cash about on our travels?
What are the best places with reasonable prices for sky diving?
Can anyone tell me the nearest medical facilities near Sugar beach?
Are the Mauritius beaches safe from sea snakes?
Is it possible to buy wedding rings around Port Louis area?
Are mosquitos an issue in Mauritius?
Is month of April a good time for whale watching around Mauritius?
Which hotels allow men to wear shorts at dinner time in Mauritius?
Is it worth taking my own mask and snorkel or are they freely available to hire?
What is the waiting time at Victoria Falls airport for a visa?
From where can I buy local phone SIM card in Harare and what documents we need for that?
How much taxi fee will it cost to go from Botswanian border to Victoria falls?
Does UK citizens need any special documents when getting visa from borders of Zimbabwe?
What are the important places I can visit in Harare city area?
Can somebody please tell me the best bus service to get from Harare to Mutare ?
Camp Hwange or Little Makalolo for best walking safari experience in late May early June?
Which company do you recommend for short helicopter trip around Victoria Falls?
Any recommendation for the tour operator for a full day canoe trail/safari in Victoria Falls?
Can anyone tell me the amount of rand I should take if I'm staying at the lion sands lodge for 4 nights?
Are there many places like Cango Wildlife Ranch where you can stroke the Cheetah or get close to other animals like baby hippo, elephant?
Which is the best safari park nearer to Johannesburg and can be seen as a day trip or max one night halt?
Does anyone know of places that sell GoPros in Johannesburg?
What places can I visit to play a golf round in Cape Town?
Where can we get prepaid SIM cards with affordable rates in Johannesburg?
Is it normal to see animals jumping on cars or lions trying to bite a bumper/fender off a car in Kruger National Park?
Is it possible to do camping near Drakensberg mountain range?
Can anyone suggest me how many min days are sufficient to visit Kruger national park along with safari from Durban?
Is it possible to use child car seats in rent a car services in South Africa?
Has anyone done the 3200 mile tour with SAGA from Capetown to Victoria Falls via S Africa, Namibia and Botswana?
Does any know of any good cheap hotels in Johannesburg?
Do we have to prebook the airport lounge for our 3-4 hour stopover in Johannesburg airport?
What is the average cost of a safari in Kruger?
What are the places we can visit around Port Elizabeth within 2 days?
Does Uber operates in Hermanus area?
What is the cheapest option for booking a Shark Dive in Cape Town?
Are the supermarkets open on sunday at Malelane?
Do we need malaria pills before hand if we are going to Timbavati?
Do i need the international license for driving in South Africa as a Saudi citizen?
Do we have to bring heavy warm clothes if we are visiting South Africa in September?
Do I need to bring Towels or are they supplied in the Bungalows in Kruger National Park?
Any ideas on reliable and cheap Laundromat or other washing washing service near Sandton?
Will a European plug adapter work in South Africa?
What can we do in and around Durban?
Can I have suggestions for lunch stop between Cape Town and Vredendal?
What are the most relaxing beaches with budget campsites for adults in Kwazulu-Natal?
Is JSL Transport a good option to travel from Malelane to Tambo?
Is Hermanus area safe for female solo traveller?
Can you please give recommendations on the best dive spots in aliwal shoals?
Has anyone used Pembury tours for travelling in Cape Town and Kruger?
Does anyone has experience with 4seasons rent a car company?
How is the driving experience in Golden Gate Highlands in Winter?
Is there any gym near the Coastland Musgrave Ridge hotel in Durban that allows guests to pay for a one-week pass?
Can we easily exchange travellers cheques in South African banks easily?
What would be a safe place to stay that is near the Pretoria?
What are the good places to stay in Betty's Bay?
Is Addo Elephant National Park worthy to visit?
What is the best option to viewing animals June or September?
Can you suggest a budget private reserve in Kruger area for a couple?
What are the current exchange rates for the English pound today in South Africa?
